The first time Suguru sees him again, it’s snowing.

He exhales shakily, watching the cloud of warm breath settle then dissolve into the cold air. Suguru wishes he could pretend to have lost track of time—wishes he didn’t know exactly how long it had been since everything he thought he knew crumbled.

Four years, six months, two days, and—he checks his phone—ten hours. He tries not to dwell on it.

Suguru treads up the unfamiliar path of the Gojo Clan estate. Ancient barriers groan as they shift, heavy walls seeming to trap him in the liminal space between worlds.

Each sealed door is intricately carved, etched with liquid silver and stone. Lotus blossoms, dancing dragonflies, and gilded carp swim through clouds above, the designs delicate yet imposing. The whole place feels ancient, deeply unsettled by his presence, yet each door lifts itself away as he approaches.

Suguru doesn’t feel any eyes on him yet. It seems the doors reacted on their own, though he could be wrong. His senses were never as sharp when it came to the Gojo Clan’s head. It wouldn’t be the first time he had sensed Suguru long before Suguru sensed him.

As Suguru begins to fear that the path is leading him in circles, he finally finds himself before a door unlike the rest. The space opens up around him, smooth stone slabs crisscrossing the ground, a thin layer of snow collecting atop them. Imposing walls rise high, blocking any glimpse of what might be beyond the heavy wooden doors. There are no ornate engravings here, yet the absence of decoration only amplifies the sense of inherited power and obscene wealth. These doors do not open for him as he approaches. Suguru knocks the heavy brass ring against the sturdy wood.

As the dull thud echoes, a delayed realization hits—he should have dressed better. His boots, once black, are now faded and stained with things he’d rather not think about. He’s wearing simple joggers, two layers of sweaters, and a worn leather jacket. The remnants of last night's snowfall, likely the last of the season, drift lazily down, now more icy water than snow in the early morning light.

Suguru waits—ten, twenty seconds—before raising his hand to knock again. Before he gets the chance, the double doors wheeze and creak open.

Two women stand before him, wide-eyed and visibly startled. The younger girl's jaw hangs on the floor, and the corner of her mouth twitches up. The other woman has managed to close her mouth, but her eyes are so wide he fears they may pop out. Her eyebrows arch and there is a pained crease between them. Suguru cannot tell if they are amazed or horrified; and even if his clothes are raggy they were not deserving of this type of reaction. Honestly, Suguru wasn’t sure what type of reaction he would get turning up at the Gojo Estate uninvited. So he tries to ignore them gracefully. Their gawking stretches the silence into an awkward pause. Realizing he’ll have to speak first, Suguru lowers his hand from the door, awkwardly trying to tuck it into his coat pocket.

“I apologize for the intrusion, but may I come in?”

“M-Master Suguru?!” the younger girl blurts out. “You came!”

“Is he aware?” the older brunette whisper-yells to her companion, before turning to Suguru with even more horror in her expression. “I apologize, Master Suguru. We weren’t expecting you. Please, please come in!”

Master Suguru…? He hopes there’s time to unpack that later, but the girl's momentary lapse in composure is quickly corrected, though their behavior is no less confusing. Ushered inside, the heavy wooden doors slam shut behind them, and Suguru is suddenly absorbing the serene, snow-covered landscape laid out before him.