The strident ringing of Gojo Satoru’s alarm clock hits his ears with violence. But the white haired man isn’t jumping or growling. He had woken up two minutes prior and he was staring at the ceiling ever since. His hand crashes on the button and he sighs, throat dry, eyes burning with fatigue. Gojo isn’t a dreamer. He usually sleeps deeply and wakes up like a vampire dragged from death and back to the real world. But lately, he’s been having these dreams, nightmares even, where he stands in the brain of someone deeply unhappy. Gojo isn’t unhappy, is he? Gojo doesn’t have black hair. He is more than 6' 3". He doesn’t have huge paws instead of long and slender fingers.

After rolling in the sheets and hiding his diamond eyes against the pillow to quiet the sounds resonating from his dream, Gojo yields and sits on his bed, the white blanket falling from his bare back and stretches his arms with a loud yawn. The fresh April air and soft sunlight enters the room when he opens the windows and starts his usual morning routine. Teeth: brushed, body: cleaned, face: pampered, lips: glossed, hair: perfect. Gojo looks at himself in the mirror and he likes what he sees. What a shame he has to hide those perfect blue eyes behind a mask.

As he pours eye drops in his orbits to soothe their dryness, his mind travels back to the past. And when he’s back in his room and looks on his shelf, he hesitates just a moment. His black and round sunglasses are right here, neatly folded next to a little wooden box with G.S carved on it. Gojo stares. He doesn’t have to open the box. He can see right through it even though he had not opened it for months. He blinks and his eyes twitch to the sunglasses again until he waves with his hand and decides to grab the white ribbon he usually uses to wrap around his head.

Facing the mirror, he watches his eyes disappear under the bandage and he smiles. ‘There’, he thinks. ‘No need to start overthinking everything. You’re not him.’

Happy and refreshed, Gojo steps outside his quarter, grabs a coffee on his way to the school and pours three packets of sugar inside with a satisfied grin. The sakuras have just finished blooming but the floor is still covered with their white and pink petals. Gojo breathes in, swallowing the softness bathing in the air and he feels it in his body how every cell is awakening. Spring is springing and his hormones are too.

“What a lovely day to come to work! Ah, Shoko, maybe you should stop hiding in that morbid place and finally rub shoulders with people. Alive, preferably.”
“Look who’s here, the biggest pain in my ass.” Shoko rolls her tired eyes and doesn’t even bother lifting her gaze to confront Gojo’s.
“It’s too early for you to be this mean, Shoko.” He smirks and starts annoyingly peeking above her shoulders as she pulls some unknown fragments out of a dead body.
“It’s never too early to tell you to shut the fuck up. What do you want anyway?”

Like an insufferable gremlin, Gojo hops on a metallic table right in front of her, dragging his finger on the cold surface and wincing at the thought that someone very dead and very putrefied was probably laying there not so long ago.

“I do clean my examination tables, you know silly cat?” Shoko sighs, scribbles in her notepads and places her hair that starts to grow long behind her ear.
“I know, you’re always so thorough. Have you heard from Yaga?”
“Yes, he was there fifteen minutes ago and you missed him because you’re late.” She barks but Gojo doesn’t hear the rudeness.
“I had to apply sunscreen. You know how delicate my complexion is!” He takes a sip of his coffee and taps on the apple of his glowing cheek. “So? What did he say?”
“Nothing much… He is going to send you your students’ next mission.”
“And what about me? It gets boring here. Don’t tell me there are no Curses in this world anymore!”
“You know there are.” Shoko stops poking at the cadaver’s liver and crosses her arms. “Nanami went early with Ijichi. You can take time to train your students.”

Gojo nods and stretches his arms above his head before scratching the bandage itching his brow and throws his paper cup in the trash can. Shoko looks like she could use time to concentrate on her job and even if Gojo is the teasing type, he knows her job is important. Especially since she started not so long ago. And especially since his sense of smell is so on edge since the start of Spring and this place literally smells like death. But something tells him she’s not done talking.

“Gojo…”

Here it goes.

He doesn’t answer, just lifts his head and stops before exiting the room.

“Geto’s been seen.”

It’s like a needle sunken deep into his spine. It stings, it burns, it makes Gojo want to crawl on the floor. But he stays still, acting like he’s unbothered.

“And where, may I ask, is that treacherous bastard right now?” He tries not to sound too afflicted.
“He’s been spotted near Shinjuku. Yaga asked me not to tell you.”
“And you’re doing it because..?” Gojo smiles.
“I’m your friend. And Geto’s.”